# SACO-SentimentsAnalysis-for-CodeMix-Text
## Abstract
Sentiments in the digital era are comprised of feelings or opinions of users in social media and customers’ reviews or opinions on online shops. The increasing use of social media such as YouTube, Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram etc., and online shopping are generating lot of text data which consists of sentiments or opinions about anything and everything available on internet. Analysis of these type of data, called Sentiment Analysis (SA), is becoming important as they can be a reason to raise the popularity of a product or a person, or to discard a product such as a video in social media or a laptop on the online shop. Users use different languages to express their feelings. However, due to technological limitations if users are not good at using their native language script to express their feelings in social media, they usually use Roman script to pen their sentiments in their language in addition to using English words. The combination of words in more than two languages in a word, phrase or sentence using the same script is called as code-mixing. Writing sentiments in code-mixed languages is common in social media. In this paper, we, team MUCS, have proposed a SA model and submitted it to ‘Sentiment analysis of Dravidian languages in CodeMixed Text’ shared task at FIRE 2020 to analyze Tamil-English and Malayalam-English code-mixing texts. The proposed approach uses a Hybrid Voting Classifier (HVC) by combining Machine Learning (ML) models using word embeddings and n-grams features extracted from sentences with Deep Learning (DL) models based on BiLSTM using sub-word embedding features. Our team got 4th rank in Tamil-English and 6th rank in Malayalam-English code-mixed SA.
